docs: improve clarity for typescript + sdk (#664)
directus/docs: content/guides/04.connect/6.sdk.md

  ```

  ::callout{icon="material-symbols:school-outline" color="secondary" to="/tutorials/tips-and-tricks/advanced-types-with-the-directus-sdk"}

>   Learn how to take advantage of TypeScript while using the SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Learn how to leverage TypeScript with the SDK for auto-completion and generated output types.
```
